Update README with coding standards (#1002)
mozilla/fx-private-relay: README.md

    source env/bin/activate
    ```

> 3. Install Python and Node requirements:

Reviewer: nice.

    python manage.py runserver
    ```

#### Recommended: Enable Firefox Accounts authentication
To enable Firefox Accounts authentication on your local server, you can use the

> "private-relay (local)" OAuth app on oauth-stable.dev.lcip.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Firefox Private Relay local dev" OAuth app on accounts.stage.mozaws.net.
```

page](http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/socialaccount/socialapp/), sign in with the
superuser account you created above, and add a social app for Firefox Accounts:

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Provider | Firefox Accounts |

> | Name | `oauth-stable.dev.lcip.org` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name | `accounts.stage.mozaws.net` |
```

| Client id | `9ebfe2c2f9ea3c58 ` |

> | Secret key | Request this from [@groovecoder](https://github.com/groovecoder) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Secret key | Request this from `#fx-private-relay-eng` Slack channel |
```

| Sites | `127.0.0.1:8000 ` -> Chosen sites |

Now you can sign into [http://127.0.0.1:8000/](http://127.0.0.1:8000/) with an
FxA. 

> :warning: Remember that you'll need to use an account on oauth-stable.dev.lcip.org, not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: Remember that you'll need to use an account on https://accounts.stage.mozaws.net/, not
```
